Support multi-scope configuration settings (#476)
apache/cloudstack-documentation: source/installguide/configuration.rst

Setting Local Configuration Parameters
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Configurations can also be set at more granular levels.

#. Domain
#. Account
#. Zone
#. Cluster
#. Primary Storage
#. Secondary Storage

All local settings can be configured at a global level as well.
If set, the local setting takes precedence over the global setting.

> Some configurations might be available to be set at multiple levels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some configurations can be set at multiple levels.
For example, the pool.storage.capacity.disablethreshold configuration parameter can be set at both the Zone level and the Primary Storage level.
In this case, the more granular setting (Primary Storage) overrides the broader setting (Zone).
```

Please also mention the other two settings

Setting Local Configuration Parameters
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Configurations can also be set at more granular levels.

Reviewer 2: should we emphasize somewhere level = scope?
